feat(docs): add Tailwind setup guide for Metro web (#23044)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/config/metro.mdx

Now you'll need to clear the Metro cache and restart the development server:

> <Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo start --clear']} cmdCopy="npx expo start --clear" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo start --clear']} />
```

To setup, install the `sass` package in your project:

> <Terminal cmd={['$ yarn add -D sass']} cmdCopy="yarn add -D sass" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal cmd={['$ yarn add -D sass']} />
```

Also, shouldn't we use `npx expo install` instead of raw `yarn` commands?

Then, ensure [CSS is setup](#css) in the `metro.config.js` file.

- When `sass` is installed, then modules without extensions will be resolved in the following order: `scss`, `sass`, `css`.
- Only use the intended syntax with `sass` files.
- Importing other files from inside a scss/sass file is not currently supported.

### Tailwind

> > Tailwind does not support native platforms, this is web-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **info** Tailwind does not support native platforms, this is web-only.
```

Let's emphasize this a bit more.

> [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) can be used with Metro for web, however due to the advanced caching system in Metro, the setup is a little different from the default Tailwind setup. The following files will be modified:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) can be used with Metro for web. However, due to the advanced caching system in Metro, the setup is a little different from the default Tailwind setup. The following files are modified:
```

<FileTree
  files={[
    'app.json',
    'package.json',
    'global.css',
    'metro.config.js',
    'tailwind.config.js',
    'index.js',
  ]}
/>

To setup, install the `tailwindcss` package in your project:

> <Terminal cmd={['$ yarn add -D tailwindcss@^3.3.1']} cmdCopy="yarn add -D tailwindcss@^3.3.1" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal cmd={['$ yarn add -D tailwindcss@^3.3.1']} />
```

No need for manually add `copyCmd` string until we only have one line command.

Also, is there a reason why we require at least certain version of TW (no lower than 3.3.1)? Can't we just use `latest` or skip the version tag in here?

> In your `app.json` ensure the project is using Metro for web:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `app.json` ensure the project is using Metro for web:
```
Formatting:
* https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {
    "web": {
      "bundler": "metro"
    }
  }
}
```

> Create a **global.css** file in your project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create **global.css** in your project:
```

> Create a `global.css` file in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a **global.css** file in your project:
```

Formatting:
* https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text

```css global.css
/* This file adds the requisite utility classes for Tailwind to work. */
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

> Create a **tailwind.config.js** file in your project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create **tailwind.config.js** in your project:
```

> Create a `tailwind.config.js` file in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a **tailwind.config.js** file in your project:
```

Formatting:
* https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text

```js tailwind.config.js
/** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
module.exports = {
  content: [
    // Ensure this points to your source code...
    './app/**/*.{js,tsx,ts,jsx}',
    // If you use a `src` folder, add: './src/**/*.{js,tsx,ts,jsx}'
    // Do the same with `components`, `hooks`, `styles`, or any other top-level folders...
  ],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  plugins: [],
};
```

> In your **metro.config.js** file, enable CSS support and run the Tailwind CLI:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In **metro.config.js**, enable CSS support and run the Tailwind CLI:
```

```js metro.config.js
const path = require('path');
const { getDefaultConfig } = require('expo/metro-config');
const tailwind = require('tailwindcss/lib/cli/build');

module.exports = (async () => {
  /** @type {import('expo/metro-config').MetroConfig} */
  const config = getDefaultConfig(__dirname, {
    // Enable CSS support.
    isCSSEnabled: true,
  });

  // Run Tailwind CLI to generate CSS files.
  await tailwind.build({
    '--input': path.relative(__dirname, './global.css'),
    '--output': path.resolve(__dirname, 'node_modules/.cache/expo/tailwind/eval.css'),
    '--watch': process.env.NODE_ENV === 'development' ? 'always' : false,
    '--poll': true,
  });

  return config;
})();
```

> In your entry file (`index.js`, `App.js`), add the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the entry file (**index.js**, **App.js**), add the following:
```

> In the entry file (**index.js**, **App.js**), add the following:
> 
> ```js index.js

Author: ```suggestion
In your app main entry file, add the following:

```js index.js/App.js
```

> In your entry file (`index.js`, `App.js`), add the following:
> 
> ```js index.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your app main entry file, add the following:

```js index.js/App.js
```

Last formatting nit, wdyt?

// Ensure we import the CSS for Tailwind so it's included in hot module reloads.
const ctx = require.context(
  // If this require.context is not inside the root directory (next to the package.json) then adjust this file path
  // to resolve correctly.
  './node_modules/.cache/expo/tailwind'
);
if (ctx.keys().length) ctx(ctx.keys()[0]);
```

#### Tailwind Usage

You can use Tailwind with React DOM elements as-is:

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

export default function Page() {
  return (
    <div className="bg-slate-100 rounded-xl">
      <p className="text-lg font-medium">Welcome to Tailwind</p>
    </div>
  );
}
```

You can use the `{ $$css: true }` syntax to use Tailwind with React Native web elements:

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```
Syntax highlight nit.
